[SSL] Update create-custom-hostname.mdx (#24233)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/cloudflare-for-platforms/create-custom-hostname.mdx

3. Navigate to **SSL/TLS** > **Custom Hostnames**.
4. Click **Add Custom Hostname**.
5. Add your customer's hostname `app.customer.com` and set the relevant options, including:

>    * The [minimum TLS version](/ssl/reference/protocols/)
>    * Defining whether you want to use a certificate provisioned by Cloudflare or [upload a custom certificate](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/security/certificate-management/custom-certificates/uploading-certificates/)
>    * Selecting the [Certificate Autority](/ssl/reference/certificate-authorities/) that will provision the certificate
> 	 * Choosing the [Validation method](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/security/certificate-management/issue-and-validate/validate-certificates/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The [minimum TLS version](/ssl/reference/protocols/).
   * Defining whether you want to use a certificate provided by Cloudflare or [upload a custom certificate](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/security/certificate-management/custom-certificates/uploading-certificates/).
   * Selecting the [certificate authority (CA)](/ssl/reference/certificate-authorities/) that will issue the certificate.
	 * Choosing the [validation method](/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/security/certificate-management/issue-and-validate/validate-certificates/).
```
